# ARCH-HYPRLAND-
I was really tired of my old linux-mint and I3 setup. The setup always gave me a retro black&white sort of vibe. I wanted to work with something which looks and feels more modern so i picked the best choice on the market. Hyprland is clearly the most modern WM available in the market and the fact that it runs on wayland makes it more special. Wayland is soon gonna replace X11 and that gave me another strong reason to switch. So without wasting a second i installed the Arch linux iso and greated a boot drive. Initially i watched Mutahar's tutorial on arch linux and when 90% of installation was done i ditched the tutorial and started installing gnome. Gnome felt good initally but it had the annoying elements which made me ditch windows. During installation i created root and home directory as 2 different partitions but i regreted the decision when i realised that all of my packages will be installed in root.I have a 256gb ssd so its not possible for me to allocate alot of space to my root directory and this made me reinstall arch. After completing my 2nd installation i explored gnome and then i explored hyprland. The bloat of applications kept annoying me. Eventhough it is very less to windows but it still hurts my brain. So i decided to install arch the 3rd time (yes i have alot of time on my hands).This i created only 3 partitions (boot,swap,root). I installed only hyprland this time and i dont even have a display manager. I use tty to launch arch and that gives me the most perfect minimal setup i could've asked for. Now my task is to rice hyrpland and make myself a dream desktop enviornment. 